README.md, before:

# Ansize

Converts an image to binary ANSI art like so:

[![stage-pikachu.png](https://d23f6h5jpj26xu.cloudfront.net/jason_24594515608662_small.png)](http://img.svbtle.com/jason_24594515608662.png)

Check out the examples folder for some image samples and their corresponding output. Ex.

    cat examples/pikachu.ansi

I optimized for images with dark backgrounds and used 0's and 1's for the character set but it's pretty easy to customize the code to convert to your liking! The basic strategy of conversion is very simple:

1. Shrink image to desired size
2. For each pixel, find the corresponding color in ANSI's limited color palette
3. Set the foreground to that color
4. Print a random 0 or 1

## Installation

    go get github.com/jhchen/ansize

## Usage

    ansize <image> <output> [width]

## Development

1. Install go
2. Set your $GOPATH
3. Install github.com/nfnt/resize
4. Clone ansize
5. Build ansize

On a Mac with Homebrew the commands are

    brew install go
    mkdir /usr/local/lib/go
    export GOPATH=/usr/local/lib/go
    go get github.com/nfnt/resize
    git clone git@github.com:jhchen/ansize.git
    go build ansize.go

Commit message:

(stdout fork) remove file output, make width arg optional and update README

README.md, after:

# ansize-stdout #

A fork of [Ansize](https://github.com/jhchen/ansize) that puts its focus on displaying images.

## DETAILS ##

This fork differs from the upstream project in two key ways:

1. It sends the rendered image to stdout without writing anything to file.
2. The width argument is optional, and the width of the terminal is used in its place when it isn't provided.

The rendering functionality works the same way as it does upstream in [Ansize](https://github.com/jhchen/ansize).

## INSTALLATION ##

    go get github.com/prurigro/ansize-stdout

## USAGE ##

* Display the image with a specified column width: `ansize <image> [width]`
* Display the image at the terminal width: `ansize <image>`

## CREDITS ##

* The [Ansize](https://github.com/jhchen/ansize) project: [Jason Chen](https://github.com/jhchen)
* The [ansize-stdout](https://github.com/prurigro/ansize-stdout) fork: [Kevin MacMartin](https://github.com/prurigro)

## LICENSE ##

Released under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
